you all ready to jump into the word wow all
right let me ask that again are y'all ready to
jump into the word there we go
hey awesome um well first off um
don't know about you guys but i enjoyed worship
this morning i enjoyed just the opportunity
um to give my breath back to god i'm just reminded
that when we worship we're literally giving back
to god what he gave to us right so in those
moments to do that to take some time to pray
you know today we're going to talk about prayer
that's going to be our main focus as we finish
the book of ephesians so if you're wanting to
turn to where we're going we're going to be in
ephesians chapter six uh we're going to start
in verse 18 and lord willing we will finish
the book of ephesians um and so praise
god but just just thinking through
why do we pray in service you know a lot of
times you'll hear these statements well we
pray to transition service right so like we
transition from the beginning of service to
worship to preaching and all those times i think
are great because it's obviously just praying over
those things but prayer is so much more than
that we're going to learn about that today
we're going to learn just how prayer is
important together right why did we take
time this morning to stop and pray because it's
so important for each one of us to individually
cast our carers on the lord seek the lord ask the
lord to open our hearts to move in our lives and
move in other people's lives and so as we'll
talk more today prayer is so important um but
we're really just again we're we're gonna walk
through and and finish the book of ephesians
and i just want to give you a couple of
snippets here's some things that we have learned
i'm not getting comfortable up here as you can
tell there's nothing comfortable here we go
this is what we're going to kind of review just
briefly what we have learned in ephesians and so
um one of the things that we realize is that
the writer of ephesians is paul the apostle
and based upon his writings he had to be you know
on a yacht somewhere living the easy life just
wanting to encourage people right but the exact
opposite was happening he was in prison in chains
really on trial for his life that ultimately
he would die yet he spent the last little
bit of his life writing a letter to
the ephesians to encourage them wow
like that would happen but yes paul wanted to
encourage not only the ephesians but it's made
it all the way to us and so if you're hearing
the word of god today you he wrote this for you
to be encouraged so we see that we see that he
reminded us of our security in christ and our
calling as followers of of jesus he's reminded us
to have unity we talked about unity in the church
unity in the our relationships with our spouse
unity and our relationships with our children
and here's the fun one unity in our relationships
in our workplace so we learned all of those things
and the last thing that paul has been reminding
us and we've been walking through this over the
last three weeks and today will conclude is this
armor of god is finally he says finally put on the
armor of god and so we've walked through all this
armor that god has told us to put on and then he's
covering it in prayer he's covering every bit of
it in prayer and this is where we get to verse 18.
and so he's going to remind us in order to win
the battles in our life and so just a reminder
whether you realize or not you're in a
battle every one of us is in a battle
and if we realize we're in a battle we know we
need to fight that battle with the lord's vast
strength and and in that uh we realize today here
is that our power in our battles comes from the
lord through prayer right our prayer life is
where we get power and direction from god to
win the battles and so before we jump into this
i want to start with this basic thing and maybe
again if you're comfortable with this great
if not we'll just be quiet here but i love
just being able to engage you guys a little
bit with questions but what is the purpose
of prayer somebody answer that for me for you what
is the purpose of prayer what do you believe it is
just to talk to god okay that's great
it's great anybody else want to give
something that's a good start
what's the purpose of prayer
understand his will for your life what do you got
asking him to guide you right good anybody else
none of these are wrong by the way so
i'm just wanting more okay yep absolutely
right i think there's multiple reasons why we
pray why god wants us to pray and i think every
one of those you guys mentioned is exactly part
of it right and today we'll even expand more on
that right so even i wrote down this like to
hear from god to talk to god to cast our cares
upon him and so prayer is so important because
i think about this do you think you could go
through your day without communicating
anything to anyone anybody probably not
so when i think about prayer is i would have
the end i wouldn't be able to communicate
god wouldn't be able to communicate back to
me without a conversation with him and that's
where we have prayer and so when we pray
it's an act of surrender whenever i think
about prayer it's really saying this that i'm
humbling myself to know that i need somebody
outside of myself to give me wisdom to give
me encouragement to give me direction right
it's it's humbling right but it's also freeing i
think about in prayer at the moment that i pray i
get to cast every single care that i have that
i felt like i was supposed to handle on my own
and i get to give that over to the lord and
now it's not mine he says my burdens are light
right and i love that and so i'll share
this quote with you i've shared it
multiple times but it's something that
i want us as a church to be defined by
and it's this this vance pitman said
this he says we don't pray before we work
prayer is the work and then god works the
reason why i love that quote is just this idea
that i know so i'll just talk about
personally here is that i struggle with
asking god to bless what i pray like okay lord
bless what i'm getting ready to go do in jesus
name amen or i pray give me give me give me
amen but that's i'm just talking about me i
don't know about you so i'm asking god to bless
whatever i want but then whenever i think about
the intention of prayer his prayer is really about
humbling ourselves and asking god what he wants
and when we do share with the lord what we
desire we're really truly asking the lord to
either change our hearts or confirm it and so
we're going to jump into this text i don't want
to keep one one off there but let's jump in this
text and just see what paul says about prayer
and so we're going to start in verse 18 ephesians
chapter 6 and here's what it says it says may well
where am i here hey might want
to turn to the right page here
all right it says pray at all times in the spirit
with every prayer and request and stay alert with
all perseverance intercession for all the saints
pray also for me that the message may be
given to me when i open my mouth and when
when i open my mouth to make known
with boldness the mystery of the gospel
for this i am an ambassador in chains pray that
i might be bold enough to speak about it as i
should he says tychius our dearly loved brother
and faithful servant and the lord will tell you
all the news about me so that you may be informed
i'm sending him to you for this very reason to
let you know how we are and to encourage your
pray assuming peace to the brothers and sisters
and love with faith from god our father
and the lord jesus christ grace be with you
who have an undying love for our lord jesus
christ so we see here and we're just going to
kind of start walking through these verses verse
18 the first thing he says is pray at all times
just so you know uh you probably already know
this but i i typically teach or preach however
you want to call it in the most simplest way i
can because for me if i don't do it that way it
doesn't make sense to me so i hope like you're
it's not like i'm bringing this great amazing
difference other than what the
word says here but really just
seeing what god says in the word and so it says
this pray at all times that's logical right and so
if we're supposed to pray at all
times i'm going to ask a duh question
because sometimes we need to remind ourselves
of this is there any time we shouldn't pray
no see that's an easy one right when but are
there times that you don't pray raise your
hand are there times you don't pray okay so it's
not getting through our heads and our hearts and
our minds and i'm glad i'm not the only one
okay so this is where i was reminding my wife
this morning so my wife her grandma passed away
this last thursday and one of the things that
um has been on her mind and heart the last
couple days is she's gotten more and more
anxiety about what's going to happen and how
we're supposed to get there and all these things
and this is what i told her you need to renew your
mind on the word of god and his truth so i've been
given her scripture and sometimes this is what we
have to do in order to get something in our minds
and in our hearts and in our lives to apply it
is to repeat it right the more that we think on
something the more that we will actually begin to
believe it and follow it so if you're wondering
what do you take home maybe this is the only take
home you have take verse 18 plastered on your
car dash maybe it's on your phone screen maybe
it's on your bathroom window i don't know where
you want it posted but maybe it's just a reminder
that you're supposed to pray at all times but
here's the great one i'm gonna put this out to you
guys how do we pray at all times is that possible
anybody i think at times we do
feel like it's impossible so let's
let's let's talk a little bit about that first is
when you think of prayer this is typically what i
think about i think about prayer is only when i
close my eyes and i'm just maybe thinking like
you think when we close our eyes and we're
muttering something out loud that's prayer
well actually prayer is more than that it's really
just a conversation with god that can happen with
your eyes open it can happen in your drive
or in the shower or on your knees in a closet
it can happen anyway but when we think about
praying it's not that praying out loud and if
if that's what we think it is then we think how
do we go to work and this is just me imagining you
going to work praying without stopping right it's
a you're going to work you're praying out loud and
all of a sudden a co-worker comes up and wants
to talk to you no i'm praying i've got to stop
you know the lord won't let me stop and pray right
that's what we think of but here's let me give a
couple of examples what this looks like right is
when he says this he says pray at all times what
he's saying is that our conversation should always
be open to the lord we should actively be thinking
and knowing that the lord's presence is with us
and we're talking to him as the spirit leads us
to talk to him we know that he is present with
us everywhere we go and so we should never leave
his presence right from the moment that we wake
up till the moment we lay down god is always there
ever present so that anytime you have a thought or
decision to make or a concern that you just give
it to the lord whether it's with your eyes open
whether it's on your knees or whether it's while
you're driving that's really what paul is talking
about sometimes we over complicate what prayer is
because there are times where we need to be on
our knees in our closets by ourselves because
there's times in the world it tells us to do
that but there are times where it's just being
consistently actively present with the lord every
day in every conversation so i think about this
example so laura and orville if you don't know
who they are um it's one of our families here they
just had a baby um congratulations to them they're
not here so they don't even hear that so i don't
know why i said that but um we're celebrating with
them but but the day before as i was talking with
lauren orville they were anxious right they were
anxious and this is what laura said she said ben
i feel like that the enemy is yelling at me and
i said you know what laura you're right the enemy
has to yell because he's so far away but the
lord he whispers because he's right next to you
see when you hear a yell it's of the enemy
when you hear a whisper it's of the lord
see those moments that the lord is
always present he's never a moment away
and when you can't hear him you know what he's
doing he's whispering lower so that you get closer
unless you get closer because those
are the moments you need the lord
when you hear the screams when you hear
the loud noises and you hear negativity
and things that just really frustrate
you and anxiety it is not of the lord
he said he has not given us a spirit of fear so
when i think about that just that reminder with
them is reminding them of how important it is but
also i just think about this really praying all
the time is just being consistently open to the
lord i heard it referenced this way it's leaving
the phone off the hook and if you're too young
to understand what that means i'm sorry but it
means that you're always open communication with
the lord in everything that you do right so psalm
46 1 says this god is our refuge and strength a
helper who is always found in times of trouble
so we win our daily battles by praying at all
times that's paul's first statement we win our
daily battles by praying at all times so now he
says in the second part of this this verse pray
at all times in the spirit there's a moment where
you stop and you say what does it mean to be in
the spirit and depending on what your background
is that can mean a little bit of different things
but whenever i looked into this a little bit more
we begin to realize in the spirit really means in
the will of god um over our lives and for those
around us and so i'm just going to quote romans
uh chapter 8 verse 26 through 27 to give a little
bit of context with this of when he talks about
praying in the spirit and this is what paul says
in romans uh he says in the same way the spirit
also helps us in our weaknesses because
we do not know what to pray as we should
so it says but the spirit himself intercedes for
us when it with inexplicable groanings and for he
who searches our hearts knows the mind
of the spirit because he intercedes for
the saints according to the will of god so
when we pray in the spirit the spirit of god
helps us pray in the will of god but there's more
to this right praying in the spirit really as a
believer that's what we should do um you know
god's kingdom come but let me ask the question
maybe this help a little bit more what's the
opposite of praying in the spirit anybody know
okay praying in the flesh so praying in the flesh
would mean selfish praying all about me all my
concerns nothing that i'm even seeking the lord
for it's not about anything god's concerned so
praying in the spirit is the lord's will praying
in the flesh would be my desires my personal
um benefit in all of it right and so if we
have a battle with the enemy he wants us to
pray selfishly but if we want to win our battles
we need to pray in the spirit and so the question
that many of you have and this is the one i had so
you know i write my messages this way i write it
out and i go okay that makes sense but now how
do i know if what i'm praying is in the spirit
how do i know well there's a couple of ways this
is something just personally for me and me and my
wife brittany have talked through this a lot how
do we pray the desires of our heart but surrender
to the will and i said that's exactly what you do
you pray the desires of your heart you're asking
the lord to give you pure motives and what
you're praying in the end you surrender all
outcomes to the lord pray the desires of your
heart pray what you feel god leading you to do
if it's to change a job or it's to heal you or if
it's to change somebody else's heart or is it to
help you to forgive someone i don't know
what it is pray it if the lord lays in here
pray it and when you're praying you say lord not
my will but your will be done and you want to
know where we get that from jesus himself in the
garden when he was asking god to take away the
cup which means take away him having to sacrifice
himself for our sins and even jesus himself said
not my will but your will so if you want to know
how to pray in the spirit in the will of god
pray the desires of your heart what you feel
that god's leading you to pray but surrender
the outcome to the lord that's not easy i'm not
saying it's easy but i'm just i'm just getting
practical here it is the way to do it here's
another way if you want to know what to pray
look at the word of god the word of god gives us
clear things to say he you know what he desires
to seek and save that basically that which is
lost right anybody that doesn't know the lord
so if you pray for somebody that's lost you
know you're praying in the spirit so as you
read his word you'll see him consistently
affirm our prayers pray for healing pray for
you know somebody for forgiveness right pray
for somebody to forgive you or you to free
like there's multiple things in the world
so if you need a guide go to the word right
so to win our daily battles we not only pray at
all times but we pray in the spirit but then he
he goes on here and again just it's cool how
he breaks this down he says pray at all times
in the spirit with every prayer i thought there
was one prayer like is there just one way to pray
and paul's saying there's actually multiple ways
to pray here we pray with all prayers or every
prayer right and so let me ask this question
when you typically pray what are the things
that you say anybody want to kind of what are
some things you typically say in your prayers
what do you okay forgive me this is a great
one right so you ask for forgiveness continue
forgiveness for yourself or for someone else
that's great somebody else what else do you
typically pray what's just maybe a part of your
routine thank you so we're looking at praise
we're looking at repentance anybody else
wisdom so we're asking i love this this is great
because you're really hitting on everything
that i'm getting ready to share what's
the what's anything else anybody else
guidance that's a good one guidance and
wisdom i think go together anybody else
interceding that's another one right so
interceding is on somebody else's behalf so you're
asking that god move in in the place of their life
so the last one that i would even share here would
be the one that i mentioned is surrendering or
yielding so let me go back here praise repenting
asking and yielding does anybody know what that
makes up pray i've taught them this lately the
acronym p-r-a-y pray if you wonder how to pray
that's one of the greatest ways okay and i'm not
saying this is like it's not like god put that in
there and said hey use this acronym but i would
say for me those are elements of all kinds of
prayers that god asked us to pray there's more of
them intercession wasn't in that pray why i mean
it's intercessions asking right but it helps you
when you go into your prayer and you say what do
i pray well i'm gonna start with praising god god
thank you that i'm breathing that i have my family
that have my health that you've been with me
whatever it is repent i'm telling you this if
you don't have something to repent of today
you might want to check yourself because maybe
it's just me i'm repenting every day because
there's something in my mind or my negative heart
i've been asking god for like pre-forgiveness
since yesterday let me explain what that means
this next week as we travel back to oklahoma
i know that i'm going to struggle with all the
travel and all the uncomfortableness i know it i'm
asking the lord to forgive me now and the lord to
help me sustain me not say something i shouldn't
say and not act like a stupid person i'm sorry
but i know myself so i'm pre-praying yes those are
those are types of prayers so he says pray with
all kinds of prayers and if you're wondering also
how do we pray the disciples ask the same question
so let's talk about matthew 6 9-13 maybe these
are verses you need to write down matthew 6 9-13
says this okay they says hey jesus can you teach
us how to pray he says hey pray like this he says
therefore you should pray like this our father in
heaven your name be honored is holy your kingdom
come your will be done on earth as it is in heaven
give us today our daily bread and forgive us of
our debts as we have also forgiven our debtors
and do not bring us into temptation but deliver
us from the evil one see this is a great example
if you're asking this question how's how do we
pray all prayers maybe we just take jesus prayer
and we lay that before us each day and we pray
those elements i mean if you walk through it
it's basically addressing god you're praising him
you're asking for his will to be done his kingdom
to come to provide your needs to forgive your
sins right and to protect you those are great
ways to pray all prayers so again paul is saying
in order to defeat our enemy right we win our
battles in our life by praying all prayers by
praying all the time by praying in the spirit
to me this is an extension of the armor this is an
extension of the armor we put on all these armors
to protect ourselves against the enemy but
prayer is the power and i'm going to give this
illustration would anybody get in a nice brand new
truck that you just bought and never put gas in it
anybody i mean i'm pretty sure you just wouldn't
want to hang out in your parking i mean your house
the rest of your life and just be like that's
pretty cool so god's given us the armor shiny
nice protective you know you guys in your big
trucks you feel like you can own the road right
but if we don't put the fuel in
the truck it will never be useful
so you understand i understand fuels the spirit
of god so it means god that lives inside of us
but prayer is how we know what's
in there prayer is how we know
what power we have what direction we should go how
we're supposed to get there what to watch out for
so you are a well-oiled machine you're a truck i
know this horrible illustration i'm probably the
one of the worst illustrators so please just bear
with me but put prayer in your life all prayers
put the spirit in your life the power
these are things that will help you
as you fight the battles in your life
because you are we all are and if
we'll miss the greatest thing if
we don't share this with others
if we only receive this and we don't share with
others so let's keep going right so he says
prayed all times in the spirit with
every prayer and request and stay alert
what does stay alert me it's to watch and
pray so this is where we say stay alert if
you all remember nehemiah nehemiah they had
a weapon in one hand and like a trowel on
the other hand as they were building the wall
they were watching and working right so for us
as we serve the lord as we live our lives out
we're attentively watching for the enemy's attacks
right we're alert and we're aware we know that
our enemy is the deceiver so anything that comes
in that loud voice that comes in we're filtering
through the word of god and we're lifting it up
in prayer for god to remind us to be aware that
the enemy is going to try to twist what we are
thinking or what we're hearing right but it
leads us to the next point he says to stay alert
with all perseverance and and
so we'll stop there so with all
perseverance and so when you think about
perseverance what do you guys think of
what does it mean to persevere
keep going don't give up right don't give
up so when we pray don't just pray once
and expect that that's going to cover you
for a week or month consistently go before
the lord consistently ask the lord's will for
your life consistently ask the lord for grace
and mercy and peace and forgiveness so we need
to be persistent to stick to it to not quit
so persevering in prayer is consistently
seeking the lord's will you know in our
lives right until he either answers or the
spirit tells you to stop praying for it right
i remember hearing this from robert law he says
prayer is not getting man's will done in heaven
it's getting god's will done on earth so if you
want to fulfill god's call on your life so one of
the things you hear us as a church our mission is
to help you help everyone discover god's purpose
for their life through a relationship with jesus
if you truly want to know what god wants you to do
with the rest of your life and if you're breathing
right now he's not done right if you want to know
prayer is the channel to receive what
god desires for you to do through
being aware and persevering right not
giving up not giving up praying for your
neighbors not giving up praying for your
lost loved ones not giving up praying for
healing not giving up praying for your own heart
maybe that can't forgive don't give up right
i believe each one of us are where we are
today because of someone else's answered prayer
and here's one of the coolest parts i've
shared this before but i'm going to share
it again because i think it's good to remember
there's power in remembering what god's done
every person sitting in this room is an answer to
me and my wife's prayer over a year and a half ago
what do you mean a year and a half ago when we
moved here we prayed that god would bring people
to the church and join our team and help us reach
our city and be able to serve the city if you're
wondering what all this is we joined with our
local schools to provide clean supplies and
hygiene items and to pack these bags and to bring
it to them and this is more about what we want to
do and so every one of you are a huge part of what
god's doing here and we prayed for you a year and
a half ago so you are the result of someone else's
answered prayer maybe it's your relationship with
jesus maybe you wouldn't came to faith in jesus
without somebody praying for you that's my story
my aunts in florida prayed for me and the moment
i gave my life to christ at 23 they called me and
they said then we've been praying for you
since you were a kid wow so why is praying
matter why does persistent prayer matter
jenna's not even in here but her brother
came to faith in christ because of their
family's persistent prayer for her brother
don't give up prayer is powerful and it's
cool to see how god works through prayer
so when we want to win our battles
right we don't give up in our prayers
and so we're going to kind of see this last
part where i love paul not only says to pray
but then he actually is an example
to us to ask for prayer anybody here
not they're too prideful to ask for help i
mean hey there's a heavy washer and britney
says why don't you call brock to come over and
help you with nah i got it i got it next thing
you know my back's hurting right we're prideful
which means this we don't like to ask for help
but paul set the example in asking for help
through prayer so here's what he says in verse uh
20 or actually it's the back end of 18 and
then 19 and 20. he says with all perseverance
with intercession for all the saints right so the
intercession he comes back to this he talks about
intercession interceding for the saints well who's
the saints he says well here pray for me also
that the message may be given to me when i open my
mouth and make known with boldness the mystery of
the gospel for this i am an ambassador in chains
for that i might be bold enough to speak about it
as i should so we don't just pray by ourselves
right but for all believers and encourage them
we intercede for them and we link arms with other
believers we win the battles we're facing because
of that and i love how paul models that right if
paul needed prayer if you were to study the book
of books all that paul wrote and what god did
through paul god did amazing things and paul's
saying hey pray for me i'm pretty sure every one
of us needs to say hey pray for me before we leave
because we all need prayer what did he say
to be bold to have the words to speak this
guy that just wrote this amazing
letter to the ephesians is asking
for the ephesians to pray for him i mean isn't
he strong enough isn't he smart enough i mean
he's got all this wisdom no he needed prayer
so prayer is important right so he says pray
for all believers and he says pray that they're
bold again that he's bold to speak as he should
and so you're not alone if you've ever struggled
with boldness have you ever struggled with
boldness in your faith and you're not alone but
maybe you've left yourself alone by not asking
for somebody to pray for you to be bold you know
i think that's what god reminded me in this text
you know i want to be bold in my faith but have
i asked you know i've asked paul back here to
pray for me to be bold no i haven't why haven't
i probably pride because i maybe i don't see
prayer as important but after today paul will you
pray for me this week to be bold in my faith see
that's what we should do we should be open and
honest when we're struggling and and like amanda
shared here sometimes i can't go before the lord
you know what she does she texts the ladies in our
group and she says i'm struggling can you pray for
me you know what they do they intercede for her
that is church that is the body of believers
that's what we want to be because we want
to be that for more than just this room that's
why we keep inviting that's why we keep praying
that's why we keep believing that god's
gonna do some amazing things through us
if we believe that prayer matters if we
believe that prayer is the power behind
winning the battles in our life see all battles
are won together and not alone this is where i'll
just kind of finish up the rest of it where
it says 21 through 24 and i'm not going to
read all of it but he talks about tychus which
is a great name i'm naming my next child which
i'm not having but i'll name him that but tychius
was encouraging to paul again i'll tell you this
there's certain people in my life that encourage
me that if somebody's like hey you know what
so-and-so needs encouragement i wouldn't want to
send them because they've been such an encourager
for me i want to keep them but paul said no i'm
in prison and i'm going to send one of my greatest
encouragers to you to give you a report of what
god's done in my life but also to encourage
see all of our battles are won together not
alone and so paul knew that and so he sent
his friend tychius to encourage them and it blows
my mind again that he would want to encourage the
ephesians while he's in prison and not just beg
for getting them get him out of there break him
out of there right so paul sets this amazing
example of needing prayer needing prayer so
for you how do we end ephesians how do we end this
message over prayer what do we need to consider
we're going to have a time of invitation why do
we give time for invitation it's the moment where
we hear information we process through
what god's taught us and we say okay god
what do i need to take home invitation says i'm
going to evaluate and respond evaluate and respond
what did god teach you today maybe god reminded
you of something that you've just missed for a
while one is that it's just prayers powerful
prayers needed to win the battles in our life
maybe it's just the reminder that we need to
pray at all times and it's not as complicated as
we make it maybe it's reminding ourselves that
we need to pray in the spirit not in the flesh
maybe it's just a reminder that we need
to pray all prayers that we need to pray
more than just give me give me give me and
we need to pray more use me use me use me
i don't know what it is that god taught you
spoke to you about but i pray that his word
i know it so i'm claiming it today his word
will not return void if it was spoke today
it is in your heart and i pray that
god challenges you to respond to it
but this is the last thing
that i want to want to say
prayer is useless and so you hear my heart in this
prayer is useless without a relationship with the
person you pray to god says that the moment that
you give your life to him you have full access
to god that's romans 5 full access but when you
are praying without really even recognizing that
god is the lord of your life the one who saved
you from your sins that can give you a new life
he's not hearing you and what i mean by that
he's hearing you but he's saying hey first get
your relationship right with me okay so here's
what it means to get a relationship all right
with the lord doesn't mean you're perfect but
it doesn't mean that you recognize your need for
jesus see god loved you so much that he saw you in
your condition and so we understand our condition
that we are sinners which means we have fallen
short of god's glory sin is not god's best for you
and that is the condition that we were born
into may be raised into until the day that
we realized our need because we could not save
ourselves that at the end of our life if we don't
ask for forgiveness from the lord and receive his
payment on the cross we'll pay for our sins but
god said that's not good enough for me so god said
i love you so much that i'm going to send my son
to die a perfect life so that it can cover every
sin that you have sinned and that you will sin and
that's not an encouragement to keep on sinning
but it is saying this is that he has given you
full access to him but he's not going to force
you see god loves you so much that he wants you
to have that free choice so that it can be a
relationship and not just a forced relationship
so the opportunities there today forgiveness
hope power through prayer access to god
24 7. you don't need me for that
you need a personal relationship
so my encouragement for you if you've never given
your life to jesus or you just have questions
about what it means to give your life to jesus
or maybe you're questioning whether you do have
a relationship with jesus i'm here i'm not here
to judge you i'm here to guide you we're going
to use god's word to do that right to guide
you through where you are in your relationship
maybe it's just you need prayer to
pray bolder to pray more confidently
i'm here during invitation i'm gonna stand
in the back i want to be there for you
there's so many in this church that want to be
there for you so don't do it alone so if you want
to know the lord come talk to me if you want to
be prayed for and courage come talk to me because
i know how important it is to do this
together don't go into your battles alone
has designed us to link arms to do this together
and i thank god for it because i've needed
every one of you in the battles that i've walked
through and i'm going to continue to walk through
so i'm going to pray for us we'll get
on praying let's stand again in this
time of imitation ask the lord what he's
speaking to you and respond lord jesus
god there's times where i'm reminded of the
scripture in romans lord where i go to pray
and maybe it just comes out as grumblings lord
and i don't know what to pray but lord you do
and you hear those things in my heart lord that
you know i need forgiveness for or you know
i need encouragement in and so lord today
is just another one of those moments lord
we are nothing without you um and i'm
reminded every day as i see your in your
word that you love us that you want to
have that personal relationship with us
and you want to walk alongside us and that
you've given us the church to do that and
so lord i pray today that every person
hears that message the message of hope
i pray that every person leaves today more
confident in their prayer life because they
haven't complicated it anymore that they have
simplified it that they have full access to you
they have you and those around them to walk
through this life and win the battles in
their life so lord move in our hearts lord
if there's someone that needs to give their
life to you lord i pray that today they don't
put it off that today is the day of salvation
that they come and ask questions and lord
that they make one more step to knowing you
lord we love you and we thank you again for this
time and we pray this in your heavenly name amen